[Docs] Permissions Cog Guide (#4985)
Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot: docs/cog_guides/permissions.rst

""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

.. note:: |owner-lock|

**Syntax**

.. code-block:: none

    [p]permissions acl updateglobal 

**Description**

Update global rules with a YAML file.

This won't touch any rules not specified in the YAML
file.

.. _permissions-command-permissions-acl-updateserver:

""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
permissions acl updateserver
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

.. note:: |guildowner-lock|

**Syntax**

.. code-block:: none

    [p]permissions acl updateserver 

**Description**

Update rules for this server with a YAML file.

This won't touch any rules not specified in the YAML
file.

.. _permissions-command-permissions-acl-yamlexample:

"""""""""""""""""""""""""""
permissions acl yamlexample
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""

**Syntax**

.. code-block:: none

    [p]permissions acl yamlexample 

**Description**

Sends an example of the yaml layout for permissions

.. _permissions-command-permissions-addglobalrule:

"""""""""""""""""""""""""
permissions addglobalrule
"""""""""""""""""""""""""

.. note:: |owner-lock|

**Syntax**

.. code-block:: none

    [p]permissions addglobalrule <allow_or_deny> <cog_or_command> <who_or_what...>

**Description**

> Add a global rule to a command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a global rule to a cog or command.
```

**Arguments**

* ``<allow_or_deny>``: This should be one of "allow" or "deny".
* ``<cog_or_command>``: The cog or command to add the rule to. This is case sensitive.
* ``<who_or_what...>``: One or more users, channels or roles the rule is for.

.. _permissions-command-permissions-addserverrule:

"""""""""""""""""""""""""
permissions addserverrule
"""""""""""""""""""""""""

.. note:: |guildowner-lock|

**Syntax**

.. code-block:: none

    [p]permissions addserverrule <allow_or_deny> <cog_or_command> <who_or_what...>

**Description**

> Add a rule to a command in this server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a rule to a cog or command in this server.
```

.. _permissions-command-permissions-clearglobalrules:

""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
permissions clearglobalrules
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

.. note:: |owner-lock|

**Syntax**

.. code-block:: none

    [p]permissions clearglobalrules 

**Description**

Reset all global rules.

.. _permissions-command-permissions-clearserverrules:

""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
permissions clearserverrules
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

.. note:: |guildowner-lock|

**Syntax**

.. code-block:: none

    [p]permissions clearserverrules 

**Description**

Reset all rules in this server.

.. _permissions-command-permissions-explain:

"""""""""""""""""""
permissions explain
"""""""""""""""""""

**Syntax**

.. code-block:: none

    [p]permissions explain 

**Description**

Explain how permissions works.

.. _permissions-command-permissions-removeglobalrule:

""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
permissions removeglobalrule
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

.. note:: |owner-lock|

**Syntax**

.. code-block:: none

    [p]permissions removeglobalrule <cog_or_command> <who_or_what...>

**Description**

Remove a global rule from a command.

**Arguments**

> * ``<cog_or_command>``: The cog or command to add the rule to. This is case sensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``<cog_or_command>``: The cog or command to remove the rule from. This is case sensitive.
```

* ``<who_or_what...>``: One or more users, channels or roles the rule is for.

.. _permissions-command-permissions-removeserverrule:

""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
permissions removeserverrule
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

.. note:: |guildowner-lock|

**Syntax**

.. code-block:: none

    [p]permissions removeserverrule <cog_or_command> <who_or_what...>

**Description**

Remove a server rule from a command.

**Arguments**

> * ``<cog_or_command>``: The cog or command to add the rule to. This is case sensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``<cog_or_command>``: The cog or command to remove the rule from. This is case sensitive.
```

* ``<who_or_what...>``: One or more users, channels or roles the rule is for.

.. _permissions-command-permissions-setdefaultglobalrule:

""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
permissions setdefaultglobalrule
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

.. note:: |owner-lock|

**Syntax**

.. code-block:: none

    [p]permissions setdefaultglobalrule <allow_or_deny> <cog_or_command>

**Description**

> Set the default global rule for a command.

Reviewer: This and the server equivalent should also mention that rules are for **cogs** or commands, but I can't think of a way to word it well since it shows up twice without swapping to "it" in the second reference.
